you're planning on kitchen
animal one of the simplest kind
of traps that you can build is a
snare you can make it out of a
fine a piece of cordage strength
is a piece of electrical plant
scored now I don't have
electricity so I don't have
appliances but you find this
stuff in the trash in dumpsters
pretty easy to take this stuff
apart what you want to do is
take the rubber cord off of it
you just grab one in and get
some friction and called the
rubber all favorite i'm simply
going to trim it off with the
edge of my knife now my next
step is deciding how many
strands I need and they're not
twisted very tightly so i can
just pull them apart what I want
to do with it now is twist it
back together
I just need to twist it one way
just enough to make it hold
together
what I want is a slip knot on
the end of it but I'd like a
slipknot that locks the simplest
way that i found is simply tie a
loop that's doubled what you thi
luc that's doubled it is kind of
a small as possible and twist it
together what you have then
there's a little tiny loop the
way this works is once you put
the other end it when I pull it
tight it will tend to group
itself then I've get the snare
wire going to make a loop about
the right size for my target
animal the target animals going
to be a rabbit
this is a red me when he walks
with his ears back he's about
the size of my fist like this I
want him to squeeze through
easily and as he pulls through
simply slides around his neck
anchor the snare to something
solid this small tree should
hold now what I've got to do
next to figure out how are their
rabbits head is off the ground
so I need that about right there
what I found is the best way to
hold it in place where you want
it is to simply wrap your snare
around a stick then I'll shove
that in the ground so now i have
a rabbit trail with a piece of
copper wire coming across it
looks totally natural
it worked for a day a week even
a year all i gotta do is come by
and check it so rabbits going
from garden garden in the
neighborhood just walking along
you done man there's a
nice-lookin garden over there I
think those people at work today
well this is great i'm going to
check out their lettuce oh I can
get through that no problem at
all man I can't reach that and
at night they will have a rabbit
lean right there ready to go
with your vegetables rabbit
student